docker-images: make cadvisor build script executable (#10940)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: docker-images/README.md

If you are looking for our non-derivative Docker images, see e.g. `/cmd/.../Dockerfile` and `/enterprise/cmd/.../Dockerfile` instead.

### Building
## Building

All images in this directory are built and published automatically on CI:

> - To add an image to the automated builds pipeline, make sure to add it to [`allDockerImages`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph+file:%5Eenterprise/dev/ci/ci/pipeline-steps%5C.go+var+allDockerImages&patternType=literal)

Reviewer: Is this no longer accurate?

Author: I added this in #10939 but have moved it to a dedicated section further down for adding new images 👍

```

Note: `$MY_VERSION` above should reflect the underlying Alpine version. If changes are made without altering the underlying Alpine version, then bump the suffix. For example, use 3.10-1, 3.10-2, and so on. To find the current version, consult https://hub.docker.com/r/sourcegraph/alpine

## Adding a new image

1. Create a `build.sh` and add your publishing script to it - the script should end with `docker tag ... "$IMAGE"`. See the scripts in this directory for examples.

> 2. Make your new script executable with `chmod +x`. Try it out: `IMAGE=fake-repo/cadvisor:latest docker-images/$SERVICE/build.sh`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Ensure your new script is executable with `chmod +x build.sh` (you can try it via e.g. `IMAGE=fake-repo/cadvisor:latest docker-images/$SERVICE/build.sh`)
```
